hello my name is a lean and I've ordered
an official iphone unlocked from
official iphone unlock code ok this
should mean that my iphone is
permanently unlocked iphone 3gs has
currently locked to AT&T in the US and I
want to be able to use a UK sim have
inserted my UK sim and as expected my
iphone showing no service
and the network is showing not available
I've received my official confirmation
email from official iphone unlock that
my iphones been unlocked so apparently
all i need to do now is plug into itunes
and the unlock should show as completed
in my itunes so that's it plugged in and
let's see what happens
oh so that's it my iphone has been
unlocked that's what itunes is telling
me then if we have a look at my iphone
it's just done something that sounds
good and yeah we can see that now it's
getting service from three which is a UK
network and so that's great my iphones
unlocked so thank you to official iphone
unlock topcoat UK for unlocking my
iphone and my name is ailing and pleased